[Workers] Mention avoidance of issues with version (#3225)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/get-started/guide.md

Installing `wrangler`, the Workers CLI, gives you the freedom to [`generate`](/cli-wrangler/commands#generate), [`configure`](/cli-wrangler/commands#configure), [`build`](/cli-wrangler/commands#build), [`preview`](/cli-wrangler/commands#preview), and [`publish`](/cli-wrangler/commands#publish) your Workers projects from the comfort of your development environment.

> To install [`wrangler`](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler), ensure you have [`npm` installed](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm), preferably using a Node version manager like [Volta](https://volta.sh/) or [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to avoid issues (like with permission or version), then run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install [`wrangler`](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler), ensure you have [`npm` installed](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm), preferably using a Node version manager like [Volta](https://volta.sh/) or [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to avoid permission issues or to easily change Node.js versions, then run:
```
